# nymble
A mimblewimble based ephemeral IM/Microblogging client

If transactions are basic text messages, a simple and extremely lightweight disappearing microblogging platform could be built using mimblewimble where messages are entirely erased from the blockchain once they have been available for a given amount of time. This period could be determined by mandatory timelocks, where all messages disappear after say, 10 days (leaving the blockchain forever after that point), variable timelocks depending on user choice, or interactively (like after n number of responses to said message, or a response from a specific person conceivably). Cost could be next to nothing, and actual storage space would be extremely small given that all messages eventually are deleted (in other words, every single Nymble transaction/message would eventually be totally cut-through).

# Problem
Other decentralized microblogging services suffer from low number of servers/message availability, and incentivizing servers to stay online requires altruism from hosts. By using a blockchain, nodes are incentivized by mining rewards. The downside of this is essentially the same issue, with extra steps; there may be rewards for running a full node, but we are left with a similar problem where there is a lack of interest/use for people to run the blockchain, and we've just created another cryptocurrency, the only value of which comes from the value of having a lightweight, decentralized microblogging client. Given the wide variety of extant centralized and decentralized microblogging/IM platforms, securing a blockchain whose only purpose is a simple message board produces a terrible uphill bootstrapping effort.

# Solution
We institute Nymble as the first parallel (Confidential Asset)[https://lists.launchpad.net/mimblewimble/msg00103.html] on the grin mainnet. Assuming the incentives to run grin continue, this means the propogation/distribution of messages on the Nymble service have an extremely high availability gurantee, given than every grin node is also a Nymble node. The parallel data required to host temporary messages would be extremely negligible since it is constantly being drawn toward the minimum required state as messages disappear. Fee to post could be paid in some parallel NYMBLE reward that would be emitted at a high rate, if this was necessary at all (it's possible to imagine paying with some tiny amount of grin to post). Node operators could choose to access these NYMBLE rewards if they wanted to, or simply ignore it with no detriment.

# Uses
A disappearing messageboard with plaintext (or easily encrypted text) that had high availabilty gurantees (by piggy backing on a big name chain like grin's), has an almost unlimited number of uses. Users could share disappearing links (to onion routed .txt files, slate files, images, to their keybase), random looking data that pointed to atomic swap details (conceivably there are lots of different currency-related data that would be useful to temporarily post), breaking news (such as hard/soft-fork flags, vulnerabilities, community events), geo-cache coordinates, broken-up mnemonics, and even as a medium for dead-man's switches.

Because Nymble data would be transmitted through normal grin blocks, it would be very simple to integrate Nymble messages into grin wallets, for example allowing a secure method for "official" security notifications or other important updates to be filtered and shown directly in grin wallets without any additional infrastructure. Censoring these messages should be just as difficult as censoring basic cash transactions on the grin chain, meaning there should be an identical level of security for important messages as there are grin coin-transactions themselves. This 
